strawberries I'm sure she must have
eaten the strawberries by now I just
can't wait to see what a beautiful frog
girl she's become the frog which said
that if she ate all three strawberries
she'd be just as much a frog as you or
me hello Hoffy I never knew how much fun
it was to be a frog did you eat all the
strawberries sorry I only ate one of
them
I dropped the rest of them down that
little hole over there what but you
can't really be a frog unless you eat
all three of the strawberries Maya I
want to be a real frog more than
anything I want to be your wife let's go
find some more strawberries so that I
can become a frog if that's what you
want I guess there are more where those
came from what's going on in here Oh dad
Maya's only halfway to turning into a
frog what ha it's so fun goodness me
please ma'am be happy and I go get some
more strawberries mom and dad please can
I take her with me to visit the Frog
witch and get more magic strawberries it
might be better to keep her locked up in
here outside you still might try to run
away from you only won't I won't
ribbit I want to be a father merry hoppy
as soon as I can don't worry she'll be
fine she's already got the heart of a
frog on her trip we can become friends
see the boys ride alright but while
you're there ask the witch to put a
special spell on the girl that will keep
her a frog forever understand me now
well you're gone we'll start getting
things ready for the wind it's gonna be
the social event of the year maybe not
hmm
ribbit ribbit keep an eye on a hoppy boy
I mean don't let her out of your sight
for one minute you hear that
your dad I won't the woods were happy
and Maya went to look for the frog which
were enchanted and not a safe place to
be at all today I'm the happiest Trog
anywhere it won't be long until I
married the prettiest wife in the whole
world don't count your chickens before
they hatch huh oh no I wasn't saying
anything are we almost there not much
farther now do you know which direction
we're going we're headed due east in
that case the land of South is this way
are you all right just a little bit
thirsty that's huh there's a freshwater
spring just up ahead the water here is
great it's so beautiful
they use this water to grow the magic
strawberries up your head for a while
you son old frog let this be a lesson to
you don't think you can force a person
to marry a frog bye-bye
wait Maya it's dangerous to go that way
all I have to do is keep going south
Oh
does it hurt hoppy what hurt most of all
is my pride don't feel bad it's just
that I've got to get to the land of self
yeah I know and you never had any
intention of marrying a frog like me did
you
hoppy I know you were going to the land
of South and when you get there you're
gonna marry a very handsome prince it's
not true
wha the reason I'm going to the land of
south is to find my mother not to marry
a prince what your mother why are you in
such a rush to get married in the first
place you're still just a boy you have
your whole life ahead of you you just
don't understand what do you mean we
frogs get married early we don't live as
long as you do I can sir a lot of things
I still have left to learn we'd better
get going
let's see Oh although Maya still could
have taken the opportunity to leave
hobby and travel on to the land of South
she felt responsible for the poor frog
and helped him home but her good deeds
caring for her injured friend were not
to be rewarded so you're back yeah well
what have you done to my son papi
somebody help me Oh somebody help me buy
me a present
Maya huh whoa hey miss me because I
missed you
no boom you're alive